SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 29 (#11409)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/programming-guide/program-structure/comments-in-code.md

  
-   Comments cannot follow a line-continuation sequence on the same line.  
  

>  You can add or remove comment symbols for a block of code by selecting one or more lines of code and choosing the **Comment** (![Graphic shows the Visual Basic Comment button.](./media/comments-in-code/visual-basic-comment-button.gif)) and **Uncomment** (![Graphic shows the Visual Basic Uncomment button.](./media/comments-in-code/visual-basic-uncomment-button.gif)) buttons on the **Edit** toolbar.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 You can add or remove comment symbols for a block of code by selecting one or more lines of code and choosing the **Comment** (![The Visual Basic Comment button in Visual Studio.](./media/comments-in-code/visual-basic-comment-button.gif)) and **Uncomment** (![The Visual Basic Uncomment button in Visual Studio.](./media/comments-in-code/visual-basic-uncomment-button.gif)) buttons on the **Edit** toolbar.  
```
